To enable the default handling of .rss or .rssdl files in the {{App_Code}} directory you would using a {{web.config}} like this {"[leaving out the standard stuff](leaving-out-the-standard-stuff)"}:
{{
<?xml version="1.0"?>
<configuration>
    <system.web>
        <compilation debug="true">
            <buildProviders>
                <add extension=".rss" type="RssToolkit.Rss.CodeGeneration.RssBuildProvider,RssToolkit"/>
                <add extension=".rssdl" type="RssToolkit.Rss.CodeGeneration.RssdlBuildProvider,RssToolkit"/>
            </buildProviders>
        </compilation>
    </system.web>
    <appSettings>
        <add key="defaultRssTtl" value="10"/>
        <add key="rssTempDir" value="~\App_Data"/>
    </appSettings>
</configuration>
}}
This would cause any files in the {{App_Code}} directory with an extension of {{.rss}} to be handled as-if they were an cached XML copy of an RSS feed and a matching code file would be generated. The language of the generated wrapper code will match the default language of the Web Site Project or Web Application Project (as appropriate). The {{web.config}} sample above will also cause any file with an extension of {{.rssdl}} to be treated as-if it was an XML list of RSS feed URL(s). For each mentioned feed in the {{.rssdl}} file, the feed will be fetched (if a URL) or read (if a file) at compile-time and the code generated. An example {{.rssdl}} file looks like this:
{{
<rssdl>
    <rss name="YouTube" url="http://youtube.com/rss/global/top_favorites.rss" />
    <rss name="MSNBC" url="http://rss.msnbc.msn.com/id/3032091/device/rss/rss.xml" />
</rssdl>
}}
For this example, two strongly-typed classes would be generated at web site compile-time. The first would be the {{YouTubeRss}} class which will expose all the properties of the feed, including the enclosures and namespaced-items from Yahoo's search schema. The second would be the {{MSNBCRss}} class which would expose the properties of the MSNBC feed. In both cases, the default URL for the class would be the one specified in the {{.rssdl}} file, but you can point the class at a difference (compatible) URL at runtime as desired. The classes are otherwise +exactly+ the same as those generated by the {{RssDl.exe}} command-line compiler (see: [Consuming Feeds with RssDll Compiler](Consuming-Feeds-with-RssDll-Compiler)).